README.md, before:

# Cameron-Portfolio : Homework-2

Created portfolio that will be utilized to highlight my webdevelopment projects throughout this course. Contains a small blurb about the current course taking as well as what I am doing professionally. 

Navigation section: I have included the three sections in my navigation bar. These will link you directly to each section, and provide the best viewing experience. The projects section s linked to #project2 in order to capture all projects on redirect.

Contact Inormation section: I have included a contact information section for those that wish to view my resume or contact me via phone or email. Feel free to click on the links for the resume, email, or phone. I have created anchor tags that will direct you to the resources highlighted in each section.

Projects section: I hae included a list of projects that I have worked on or will work on in the future. Each project has a brief description and contains a hover feature, which once clicked on will direct you to the specific project. The yet-completed projects contain place-holder text, and link to google.com. As I complete the projects outlined, I plan on installing a proper description and the correct hrefs.

## Installation

Use the url (https://camjofindlay17.github.io/cameron-portfolio) to access the portfolio webpage.
Use the url (https://github.com/camjofindlay17/cameron-portfolio) to access the repository.

Commit message:

after submission edit to html code - fixing multi-class error on project4,5,6. Original code commented out, and updatd ReadMe to exxplain change for future use.

README.md, after:

# Cameron-Portfolio : Homework-2

Created portfolio that will be utilized to highlight my webdevelopment projects throughout this course. Contains a small blurb about the current course taking as well as what I am doing professionally. 

Navigation section: I have included the three sections in my navigation bar. These will link you directly to each section, and provide the best viewing experience. The projects section s linked to #project2 in order to capture all projects on redirect.

Contact Inormation section: I have included a contact information section for those that wish to view my resume or contact me via phone or email. Feel free to click on the links for the resume, email, or phone. I have created anchor tags that will direct you to the resources highlighted in each section.

Projects section: I hae included a list of projects that I have worked on or will work on in the future. Each project has a brief description and contains a hover feature, which once clicked on will direct you to the specific project. The yet-completed projects contain place-holder text, and link to google.com. As I complete the projects outlined, I plan on installing a proper description and the correct hrefs.

## Late Fix for HW
 Refactored code on .project4, .project5, .project6 in the Projects section. Commented out submitted syntax, but made change for future use. Added border property to each project to better differentiate them. 

### Installation

Use the url (https://camjofindlay17.github.io/cameron-portfolio) to access the portfolio webpage.
Use the url (https://github.com/camjofindlay17/cameron-portfolio) to access the repository.
